Week 1

Group formed. Jira account created. I built the Jira Page and invited other people in our group. 
We decided to use Microsoft Teams to discuss.
We come up with a numbers of user stories and planned for the coding.

Week 2
GitHub Classroom formed.
On class we have decided to have one-week sprints.
We decided to have stand-ups twice a week, lab-time and Sunday morning.
We exchanged our strengths and weaknesses.
We have discussed on our novel functionalities.
We have planned on proposal document construction.
We have started on proposal document.
We decided to let Ben to become our Scrum Master.
We re-arranged our novel functionalities and relating user stories.
On Sunday stand-up, we changed our problems and distributed the tasks on finishing the proposal.

Week 3
Proposal in progress.
We exchanged our ideas with Dylan about novel functionalities.
We synchronised the user stories between proposal documents and Jira Page.
On Thursday class we decided the finishing-up work on proposal document.
On Sunday we completed the proposal document and submitted it. 
On Sunday stand-up, we started Sprint 1 and arranged the coding tasks to every team member.

Week 4
Proposal document submitted on last Sunday.
Started sprint 1 and working on code.
I am assigned to build the frontend of landing page.
I have completed the landing page UI, the login page and register page UI by Thursday.
On Saturday we had a small meeting and connected the frontend to backend.
On Sunday stand-up I have reported my problems to the team.
On Sunday I have fixed my problems and make frontend work.

Week 5
Sprint 1 completed.
Planned Sprint 2 works
I am assigned the frontend of profile page and update profile page.
progressive demo 1 completed.
Started the sprint 2.

Week 6
Sprint 2 ongoing.
I designed the front-end part user profile page and edit user profile page.
On Sunday they work good.
Sprint 3 starts with most of Sprint 2 works on continue.
I am also assigned the search bar functions.
Still need to research on file uploading functions.

Week 7
Sprint 2 works completed.
Met on Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday.
The event page and profile page works,
The new event, edit event and edit edit profile works.
Found some bugs, aim to fix them all in this sprints.
I am assigned on filter front-end, and events-on-profile-page front-end.